Previously on Return.
When you make a joke, at least someone should enjoy it!
Do you want to protect your wife...
or your family?
Na Ra is my family,
and my family is meaningless without her.
Die. Just die! Just die already!
- Die! Die! - Stop it!
- What are you doing? - Are you kidding me?
Get out.
How could you do this to me?
Should we really bury her?
Help! Is anyone out there?
I was searching for her while investigating a drug case.
- But what is this? - These are Roman numerals.
- 99. - When is the time of death?
There's a sign of the corpse being refrigerated.
Is Mr. Kang In Ho home?
You are under arrest for murdering and abandoning the body of Ms. Yum.
Please help.
With whom were you at the penthouse on December 3?
The autopsy report says...
Yum Mi Jung's body was stored in a refrigerator.
Hey, that lunatic, Joon Hee is on his way to turn himself in.
Seriously.
Mr. Kim? This is an emergency.
There's a matter you must take care of now. Get going.
I will prove his innocence.
Do you even know what those jerks did...
while relying on their parents' money and power?
Nonetheless, a police officer...
must treat everyone equally.
What are you going to do now?
Are you saying we should push them off the cliff?
What else can we do?
Move it!
(Episode 7)
If everything you told me is true,
you must find Mr. Seo Joon Hee to clear Mr. Kang's name.
What is it? Did you think of something?
Yes. I think I can find out.
Hey, why are you here at this...
Oh, my gosh!
What's your problem?
I'm sorry for coming at this hour. Would you please get Tae Suk?
- He isn't home. - What do you mean?
He didn't come home.
He's been like this lately.
I don't think it's work.
It's probably because of In Ho,
since that happened to a friend he hung out with all the time.
Please give him a call.
I don't have his number.
Wait a second.
I can't really ask you to come in.
My apologies to the gentleman in the back.
- Don't mind me. - You can come in by yourself.
What's with the sudden downpour?
Joon Hee.
Give it a rest.
You have no right to cry about Joon Hee.
I...
suddenly...
got so angry.
Tae Suk.
I really didn't mean to kill him.
Whether you did or not,
we can't undo what's already been done.
If you keep this up, I'll have to tell the police...
exactly what you did.
You have no right to cry, so stop it.
You should stop.
Hey. What's up?
I'm not the one who's calling.
Hold on. Wait a second.
Hi, Tae Suk. It's Na Ra.
Na Ra.
I'm sorry for being inattentive.
I should've been more attentive to you for In Ho's sake.
I didn't have time to text and wait for a response.
Did you talk to Joon Hee today by any chance?
Joon Hee? Why?
Isn't he home?
It's kind of complicated.
I got a call from him this morning,
and he said he was by the police station.
I haven't been able to reach him since then.
- The police? - The detective says...
there was an accident there.
He says it was intentional.
The camera caught Joon Hee being dragged away...
by some strange man.
So did they find the man...
who dragged Joon Hee away?
No.
The video was too blurry,
and the man was covering his face almost like he was wearing a mask,
so it's too hard to identify him.
The car he drove was a stolen car.
What did the police say?
They aren't much help.
Will you please ask around about Joon Hee?
Sure, I'll do that.
I can't do it tonight though. I'm kind of far away.
Oh, are you?
What did Joon Hee say to you...
when he called?
I'm not sure about anything else,
but he said In Wook didn't kill Mi Jung.
He said he could send In Wook back home.
Okay, Na Ra. I'm driving now, so I can't talk for long.
I'll call you back later.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Please give me a call as soon as you get back to Seoul.
What happens now?
What if the cops find us?
Do something, would you?
Let's create an alibi.
- Both of us. - How?
Immediately after talking to Geum Na Ra,
he made a U-turn and headed to the police station...
when he was intentionally hit by another car.
Immediately before talking to Geum Na Ra,
this number called him five times...
every 30 seconds or so.
I looked up on that number, and it belongs to Kim Hak Bum.
- Who? - Kim Hak Bum.
It turns out he is one of the friends...
that shared the penthouse with Kang In Ho.
- Friends? - Didn't I tell you?
They're all incredible.
Oh Tae Suk, the CEO of Namo,
the missing Seo Joon Hee,
and Kim Hak Bum is the son of Myoungseong Foundation's owner.
Look at these punks.
- Here he is! - He's here.
- Why did you kill her? - Do you feel wronged?
Why did you maintain the affair?
- What do you expect to happen now? - Move aside, please.
- Do you admit to the murder? - Move aside.
What was your reason?
Move aside. Get out of the way!
Postpone sending him to the prosecutor at least a day.
What's wrong with you? You're not new to this.
The boat has sailed already.
"Goodbye."
We already waved goodbye.
If he's innocent, the prosecutor will find out.
Darn it. Why won't you let me even clip my toenails?
Captain.
Hyun Bae! Seriously.
Stop it. That's enough.
Ever since "Return" aired the episode about Kim Young Geun,
I feel like my head's going to explode.
But I can't just leave this case alone!
Fine. Then convince me.
Evidence that Kang In Ho is not the killer.
- I have no evidence. - You psycho.
But there is a witness.
- Where? - Where?
He disappeared.
You punk! Come see me after the witness gives a statement.
Darn it. I was trying to trim my toenails for once.
So a strange man faked a car accident...
in front of the police station, and abducted him.
And the abductor is that man with a black hat.
Did the police identify the man?
They couldn't identify him because the footage is too blurry.
Gosh, this is so strange. I feel like I've seen him somewhere.
You've seen him somewhere?
Come in.
- Ms. Choi. - Yes?
You have a visitor.
How did you get here?
I can manage.
Thank you.
Please explain the purpose of your visit.
I was informed that Mr. Kang's case was already sent to the prosecution.
Let me have some coffee first, please.
Why don't we skip the formalities?
Please get to the point.
I plan to reinvestigate the Yum Mi Jung's case.
- You'll do that now? - I'll do it at least now.
Ms. Geum, you should be here for this too.
She's my co-counsel for this case.
But why do you want to reinvestigate the case?
You seemed very determined that there wouldn't be any compromises.
Besides, this will be a closed investigation, no?
Come on. I swallowed my pride and came here.
Please give me a break.
Let's hear it first.
First off, I want to make this very clear.
I am not here to help you two.
I just don't want to put an innocent man in prison...
because of my prejudice and mistakes.
That's what we'd like to ask of you.
When it happens for the first time, it's a mistake.
But starting the second time, people see it as one's competency.
Without violating the morals of your expertise,
tell me what you know. Tell me everything.
Kim Hak Bum. Oh Tae Suk.
How nice to hear those names.
So these jerks got together again, right?
A reunion after nine years.
Oh Tae Suk of Namo...
and Seo Joon Hee of Daemyung Hospital are involved in this case.
Based on what?
A day before the corpse was found on the road in Paju,
a guard made a statement that he saw Oh Tae Suk at the penthouse.
The guard stated that he saw Oh Tae Suk...
kissing a woman at the stairwell where there are no CCTVs.
Nothing about that seems suspicious.
According to the guard's memory,
the woman was Yum Mi Jung.
He told me that he saw her face.
As well as the mole on the back of her hand.
He precisely remembered her mole.
I won't let you get away this time.
Whatever you did, I'm going to find out everything.
[VIU Ver] E07 Return "We Found His Car"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Na Ra, I'm sorry for making you wait so often.
No, don't be. I should be sorry. I know how busy you are.
Please take a seat.
Did you order your tea?
No, not yet.
- We should order beverages. - Wait, before we order,
when was the last time you talked with Joon Hee?
We briefly talked on the phone in the afternoon two days ago.
I've been calling him since last night after getting your call.
But I can't reach him.
I've been so worried that I couldn't get any sleep.
Didn't he say anything unusual when you talked with him?
He did sound slightly strange more than usual.
He sounded nervous.
He was talking frantically too.
Actually, he also...
told me...
that he didn't think In Ho murdered Mi Jung.
He said that In Ho couldn't have murdered a woman he loved.
I disregarded what he said since it didn't sound logical.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you.
So Kang In Ho didn't kill Yum Mi Jung?
He'd been talking like a mad man, so I was worried about him.
So I kept calling him.
When was that?
Yesterday, around 10am.
Or was it 11am?
Hak Bum, we must stay focused.
A detective is going to contact you soon.
Why would a detective contact me?
If you can't handle it, turn yourself in.
Have you gone mad?
I can't do that.
Then listen to me carefully.
If a detective visits you,
tell him exactly what happened.
Only up until we met up with Joon Hee.
I'm sure the news that Kang In Ho didn't kill Yum Mi Jung shocked you.
Why didn't you do anything about it?
I bet the four of you...
must've gone through a lot together since you were young.
If I had such close friends, I would've gone to the police...
or met Seo Joon Hee to check if it's true or not.
He was talking so frantically.
Mi Jung's death shocked Joon Hee...
more than In Ho's arrest.
He relied on her a lot.
We'll come up with an alibi.
How are we going to do that? We don't have an alibi.
Try this.
Where were you after you talked with Seo Joon Hee?
I fell asleep in my office.
At night,
I was at a club.
You've been living a diligent life despite what's happened.
That sounded like sarcasm.
No, no. That was a compliment.
By any chance, do you not remember me?
Then what about Kim Soo Hyun?
I don't know.
Then we'll skip it.
You said you fell asleep in your office.
Is there anyone who can confirm your alibi?
Hello, sir.
Hey, until what time was I at the university yesterday?
Didn't you leave after getting a call around 10am?
That's a load of nonsense.
I accidentally fell asleep in my office past 11am.
Didn't I tell you to wake me up after an hour?
I told you that I had a lunch meeting with the chancellor.
When I woke up, it was getting dark. Do you know how flustered I was?
I couldn't attend the meeting! I woke up too late!
This is really upsetting the more I think about this.
I'm sorry, sir.
I must've been too busy checking if everyone submitted the assignment.
Come here.
Hey, do you not want to become a professor?
Then don't.
Go.
No, sir.
I'm sorry, sir.
Do better. Okay?
He slept in his office until it got dark.
What was the exact time?
I don't know the exact time,
but I think it was past 6pm.
But did you see him in the office?
I saw him in the office...
probably around 11am.
Right. I saw him a little past 11am.
Yes. Kim Hak Bum's teaching assistant confirmed his alibi.
What about you?
It's the same here too.
The imported car dealer just told me they drank until late at a club.
Yes, Hak Bum?
A detective just visited me.
Why is he here?
You didn't tip them off about me, right?
Don't worry. That's not why he came to you.
Then... Then why?
I bought a vintage car online.
It turns out it's an untraceable vehicle the police was looking into.
Gosh, it's giving me a headache.
Is that it?
- Why did the detective say? - Well,
he asked if I was really with you last night.
So?
I told him the truth.
But are you sure that we were drinking together last night?
Goodness, I can't believe you. You must've taken a lot last night.
I knew it.
You were already so high when I saw you.
Don't tell anyone about that. Okay?
Your secret is safe with me.
Whatever vehicle I want,
you get them for me.
What would I do if you went to jail?
True, true.
Okay. I'll take you somewhere nice and buy drinks.
My beloved client.
Sure. Let's meet up sober next time, okay?
You're in the palm of my hand,
you druggie.
You look even worse than last time.
How's Na Ra?
She's eating well...
and doing well in order to defend you.
So you should make some effort too.
At least for Dal Rae's sake.
We're in a new place now, so let's be strong.
Oh Tae Suk, Seo Joon Hee, and Kim Hak Bum.
Tell me about those three friends.
Why do you ask about them?
(Gangdong Precinct)
- Hey! - You scared me.
Darn it.
I went to sleep only half an hour ago.
Did you sleep here again?
I have news to kill that rage.
- What is it? - We found Seo Joon Hee's car.
(Police)
We started a national search for the car, and they called us.
There were no skid marks up top. Was it really an accident?
We'll have to investigate to find out,
but it poured the night he was abducted.
I think that's when it happened.
(Kang Sung Wook)
- I'm sorry. - No problem.
How could a body disappear from a hospital morgue?
Detective Lee. Go to Traffic Control.
Excuse me.
Who's investigating the car that went down the cliff?
- Here you go. - Thank you.
Isn't it strange?
The accident itself is strange too,
but no one takes that road because it's so dangerous.
Especially not people who aren't from here.
It's also a circuitous route,
so I don't know why either the one in the accident...
or the one who found it was driving there.
- Who reported it? - It was an anonymous caller.
I called back to check something,
but it was a payphone.
Did you check the CCTVs?
That's strange too. There aren't any cameras there.
It's very suspicious,
but I have no clues to warrant that.
(Kyungchoon Hospital)
It doesn't look like a simple car accident.
Did you contact Seo Joon Hee's family?
Yes. They should've gone to identify the body by now.
- Where are you? - The same place.
Father.
(We will treat you like our family, Kyungchoon Hospital)
Just a minute.
I'm... I'm not ready yet.
Father, I'll do it.
I'll identify Joon Hee.
Please wait outside. Go on.
No, Joon.
I'm the detective on the case.
If you look away, you can't identify the body.
Yes.
It is Joon Hee.
He is a total mess. You can't even see his shape.
Are you sure it's Seo Joon Hee?
Yes, it is.
- How are you so sure? - This watch.
I bought it for him...
when I was traveling in Switzerland.
It's very expensive,
so not anyone can wear such a watch.
Hi, Jin Joo.
What took you so long?
Sweetie, have you heard?
What...
About Joon Hee.
Did they find him?
You haven't heard, right?
Joon Hee...
died in a car accident.
Lizard, lizard
You can do anything
- Lizard - Who are you?
I can't remember.
(Murder Investigation)
(Seo Joon Hee, 33, Male)
What are you staring at?
That picture.
I don't think it's Seo Joon Hee.
Why not?
If you look at the CCTV video,
Seo Joon Hee is at least 180cm tall.
But that body is at most 160cm.
- Hey, rookie. - Yes?
Take a close look at those two photos.
(Seo Joon Hee, 33, male)
But what am I looking for?
Do you notice anything strange?
Are you talking about the watch?
- The watch? - It's a left-handed watch,
but it's on his right wrist.
There's a left-handed watch?
Some of designer watches are for left-handed people.
How can you tell the difference?
You know the crown, the thing that winds the spring?
Usually, it's located on the right side,
but that one is on its left.
Rookie, that was great. Great job.
Dong Bae, they're holding Seo Joon Hee's funeral now, right?
Yes, probably.
I saw an article that his funeral is being held in Daemyung Hospital.
These punks are having a funeral with the wrong body.
(Funeral Hall)
I can't go in there. My gosh.
I really can't go in there.
Then what?
How can I face Joon Hee?
All right then. Let's head to the station right now.
We're already in our mourning suit.
You can pay for your sin that way. How about that?
Decide until I count to five. If you can't decide,
I'll drive you to the station.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One!
I'll go in.
Fine, I'll go.
Joon Hee!
Hey, Tae Suk, why is Joon Hee there?
Mr. Seo! Mr. Seo!
Why is Joon Hee there?
Mr. Seo! What is this?
Tae Suk, you jerk!
Why is Joon Hee lying over there?
Joon Hee!
What... What is this?
What is this?
Joon Hee!
- Get him to the ward. He's shocked. - Joon Hee, why are you smiling?
No, no! This isn't happening!
- Move him to the ward. - I'm sorry, Joon Hee.
Get off me, you jerks.
How dare you touch me, you jerks!
Why are you grabbing me?
Let go of me, you morons.
All you jerks do is eating all day.
What are you doing with my friend over there? You pests!
Joon Hee! Joon Hee! Don't leave without me.
Mr. Seo.
Hey.
I'm too embarrassed to face you.
I should have protected Joon Hee.
The police...
called me just now.
They are going to run a DNA test.
They want me...
to send them the dental records from the US.
Can they...
still run the DNA test when his body is burnt like that?
It's possible...
if any of his tissues are left.
The police want to run a DNA test by using that.
Are you certain that it's Joon Hee?
I'm certain.
I...
I checked everything.
But I must identify the body...
just in case.
To be honest,
Joon Hee was doing drugs.
The police are investigating...
with the theory that Joon Hee is connected to In Ho's case.
If they run an autopsy under premises of running a DNA test...
That worries me.
What do you mean?
The detective...
is overly enthusiastic.
Don't get involved.
It will only create strange rumors.
Okay.
I'll take care of it.
(Episode 8 will air shortly.)